# User Service AgreementAll rights and limitations stipulated in this User Service Agreement (hereinafter referred to as "this Agreement") shall be carefully read and understood. Your installation, registration, login and use of the software under this Agreement or the conducting of relevant services usage involved in this Agreement by any means shall be deemed as accepting this Agreement, which indicates that you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions thereof. This Agreement constitutes a legal agreement between you and Shenzhen Arashi Vision Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Arashi Vision").- 1.Scope of services	- 1.1. Insta360 Nano (app) is an application software of Arashi Vision compatible with Android and iOS platforms, and services associated with it are provided by Arashi Vision based on actual situations.	- 1.2	 With Insta360 Nano (app), users are able to create a connection with Insta360 Nano and control it to take pictures and make video recordings that can be managed and processed and then shared with other software and websites. The specific operating procedures and steps are as follows:		- 1.2.1	Connecting the camera;			- 1.2.2	User login and registration (including using third party ID such as Sina Weibo or WeChat to login);		- 1.2.3	Settings and changing user nicknames and avatars;		- 1.2.4	Controlling the camera to adjust parameters, and to take pictures or record videos;		- 1.2.5	Deleting and modifying the videos and pictures in the camera;		- 1.2.6	Sharing pictures in the camera to other software (such as WeChat, Weibo, Youku, Facebook, YouTube) and processing with corresponding software after successfully sharing (When conducting synchronization, you shall be aware of and abide by relevant rules of such service providers since Arashi Vision bears no responsibility for your synchronization and the contents you have synchronized);		- 1.2.7	Downloading firmware files to upgrade and update the firmware of the camera.	- 1.3	Once you have successfully installed the software under this Agreement, you can use this software and become the user of the software under this Agreement and relevant services (hereinafter "User"), and you are responsible for all actions and events in the user account. You shall assume full responsibility for the damages incurred by yourself, Arashi Vision or any third party due to your loss of control for your account and/or password arising from your negligence.1.4	The user understands and accepts that Arashi Vision only provides relevant services, while the devices related to relevant services (e.g. PC, cellphone, and other relevant devices accessing to the Internet or Mobile Internet) and the expenses required (e.g. telephone bill and Internet access fees paid for accessing the Internet, cellphone charges paid for accessing the Mobile Internet) shall be borne by the users.- 2.User rules	- 2.1	When using the services of Arashi Vision, the user must provide accurate personal information to Arashi Vision. If there is any change of personal information, it shall be updated in a timely manner. All consequences resulting from inaccurate or false personal data provided by the user shall be assumed by the user.	- 2.2	The accounts and passwords of the user shall not be transferred or lent to others nor be made available to others in any form that is outside of the user's control. Once the user finds that their account has been illegally used by others, they shall immediately notify Arashi Vision. Arashi Vision shall not assume any responsibility for the illegal use of your account or password by others that is caused by hacking or negligent password maintenance.	- 2.3	The user shall be responsible for all actions made under their registered account. Any losses or damages incurred by user or any other third parties due to the user's actions shall not be borne by Arashi Vision.	- 2.4	The user understands and accepts that the services provided by Arashi Vision may include advertisements. The user agrees to display the advertisements provided by Arashi Vision, third party suppliers or partners while using the services.	- 2.5	The following principles shall be complied with during the use of Arashi Vision services by the user:		- 2.5.1	Observe the applicable laws and regulations of China;		- 2.5.2	Observe all network protocols, regulations and procedures that are related to the services;		- 2.5.3	Never use the system services for any illegal purpose;		- 2.5.4	Never use the Arashi Vision service system to undertake any actions that are capable of having an adverse impact on the normal operation of the Internet or Mobile Internet;		- 2.5.5	Never use the services provided by Arashi Vision to upload, demonstrate or spread any false, disruptive, libelous, abusive, threatening, vulgar and obscene information and materials, or anything that infringes upon others' intellectual property rights or any violation of the policies and regulations;		- 2.5.6	Never infringe upon the patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights, honorary rights or any other lawful interest of Arashi Vision and any other third parties;		- 2.5.7	Never use the Arashi Vision service system to undertake any conduct that is detrimental to Arashi Vision;		- 2.5.8	If any illegal use of user accounts or account security vulnerabilities are found, Arashi Vision shall be informed immediately.	- 2.6	The user shall abide by the above provisions at their own free will since Arashi Vision has no obligation to review and monitor for compliance of the above provisions; however, for any user violations to the provisions above during the use of these services, Arashi Vision or its authorized personnel are entitled to request the user to take corrective action or directly take any necessary measures (including but not limited to, changing or removing any contents uploaded or released by the user, suspending or terminating the right of the user to use the services) at any time to alleviate the impact of the user's misconduct.- 3.Change, Suspension or Termination of Services	- 3.1	Given the special nature of these services, the user agrees that Arashi Vision is entitled to change, suspend or terminate part or all of the services on the basis of their business development situation at any time, without notifying users and without bearing any liability to any users or to any third party;	- 3.2	The user understands that Arashi Vision needs to conduct repair or maintenance, on a regular or irregular basis, of relevant platforms (such as Internet websites, mobile networks, etc.) or devices that provide services, and if services are suspended for a reasonable period caused by such situations, Arashi Vision shall not bear any liability for such a suspension, but it shall attempt to give prior notification.	- 3.3	Arashi Vision has the right to suspend or terminate service (including paid services) provided under this Agreement at any time without liability to any user or any third party to the extent that one of the following circumstances occurs:		- 3.3.1	The personal information provided by the user is falsified;		- 3.3.2	The user violates the Service Regulations stipulated in this Agreement.- 4.Intellectual Property Rights	- 4.1	Any texts, images, graphics, audios and/or videos contained in the services provided by Arashi Vision are all subject to the protection of the copyrights, trademark and/or other properties ownership right laws. Without the consent of relevant right holders, the materials set forth above shall not be used for any commercial purposes.	- 4.2	All rights of any software (including but not limited to any images, photos, animations, videos, musics, text and additional programs and Help materials included) used by Arashi Vision to provide services belong to the copyright owner of the software. Without the permission of the copyright owner of such software, users shall not conduct any reverse engineering, decompiling or disassembly of such software.- 5.Privacy Policy	- 5.1	Privacy protection for users is one of the basic policies of Arashi Vision, who created the four privacy protection principles below to guide us on how to deal with product related issues such as user privacy and user information:		- 5.1.1	We use the information collected to provide valuable products and services to the user.		- 5.1.2	Product development complies with privacy standards and practices.		- 5.1.3	The process of collecting personal information will be transparent and supervised by a third party authority.		- 5.1.4	Every effort will be made to protect the information under our control.	- 5.2	See Attachment I for the specific terms of the privacy policy. The privacy policy is a part of this Agreement, and the terms of it have been agreed upon once you become a user.- 6.Disclaimer	- 6.1	Arashi Vision makes no warranty that the services are able to meet the requirements of the user and that interruption of service will not occur, nor are timeliness, security and accuracy guaranteed.	- 6.2	Arashi Vision does not guarantee the accuracy and integrity of the external links set aside for the purpose of providing a convenience for the user; at the same time, the contents of any web pages that such external links lead to are actually not under the control of Arashi Vision, and Arashi Vision shall not be liable for them.	- 6.3	For losses due to a malfunction of the telecommunications system or the Internet, computer malfunction, damages or loss of information arising from problems in the computer system, viruses, or any force majeure, Arashi Vision shall not assume any responsibility, but it shall try to reduce the impact brought about by such losses on the users.- 7.Laws and Dispute Resolution	- 7.1	The Laws of The People's Republic of China are applicable to this Agreement.	- 7.2	Any disputes arising from or relating to this Agreement shall be resolved through amicable negotiations; if negotiations fail, any of the parties can submit relevant disputes to the Beijing Arbitration Commission, who will arbitrate in accordance with the arbitration rules effective at the time of submission; the award of the arbitration is final and binding upon all parties.- 8.Other Terms	- 8.1	If any term in this Agreement is completely or partially void or unenforceable for any reason, or violates applicable laws, such a term shall be deemed as deleted, but the remainder of this Agreement shall remain valid and binding.	- 8.2	Arashi Vision is entitled to modify this Agreement in accordance with relevant laws or regulations, the operational situation of the company and the adjustment of its operational strategies, without otherwise individually notifying the user. When related disputes occur, the latest text of the agreement shall prevail. If there is any disagreement with the modification of relevant terms made by Arashi Vision, the user has the right to cease using the services. If the user continues to use the services, it shall be deemed that the user accepts the modification of relevant terms made by Arashi Vision.	- 8.3	Arashi Vision has the right to interpret and modify this Agreement to the maximum extent permitted by law.